The GUI comes in three main parts : aperture options, display options and
variables.

Aperture options :
This part contains 5 buttons :
-Square/Rectangle/Circular Aperture buttons allows you to create an aperture
image of said form and save it. When you click on it, you will be asked for
the dimension(s) of the form, e.g. the radius for the circle. A preview will
then be displayed and you will be asked if you want to save it. If you do,
you will be asked where and under what name you want to save it.
-Load Aperture button allows you to load your custom image to be used as aperture.
Keep in mind that your image must be square -i.e. NxN pixels- for the program to
work correctly and that at the moment, the program converts the images in binary form,
meaning that each pixel will be seen as either 1 or 0.
-Modulate transmittance allows you to modify the value of the arrays representing
apertures using the absolute value of a sine function. You will be asked whether
you want to modulate the value along the vertical axis or not, and then along the
horizontal axis.

Display options :
-Show Aperture is fairly self-explanatory, it only displays the array representing
the aperture as an image.
-Show FT Diffraction Pattern is once again fairly self-explanatory, it displays the
diffraction pattern obtained by using the Fourier transform of the aperture image.
-Close Current Window closes the active Matplotlib window.
-Show Variables brings up a window containing the values of the variables listed
thereafter.

Variables :
Contains 4 entry fields and buttons, one pair for each variable. Those variables
are the wavelength, the real size of images, the distance between the plane containing
the aperture and the plane containing the pattern, and lastly the size of images
in pixels. To update the values, you have to type in the value you want and then click
the button of the variable you want to modify.

The last button, Close all plots and exit triggers the destruction of all Matplotlib
windows, of the main GUI window and kills the program. Use this button if you think the
program does not properly terminate otherwise.
